# UML Diagrams Week 2 Task 1 Description

## AlertGenerator UML:
The UML diagram consists of 4 classes. Each of the classes have a well-defined responsibility, making the system modular and easier to maintain. The AlertManager class centralizes alert handling. It manages the Alerts generated from the AlertGenerator, that reads the data for the HealthGenerator. The AlertManager then notifies the Hospital staff with the already processed/managed alerts. The design choices aim to create a robust, flexible and efficient system for managing the alerts. 
## Data Access UML:
This UML diagram consists of 6 classes. The DataListener is the base class for TCPDataListener, WebSocketDataListener, and FileDataListener, promoting code reuse. The specific classes/listeners each handle data acquisition from different sources. The data is being handled by the DataListener and the parsed in the correct format through the DataParser. The data flow is clear and ensures a modular and extensible design. This design focuses on design adaptability and scalability using clear separations of responsibilities.
## Data Storage UML:
This UML diagram consists of 3 classes. The PatientData class, represents individual patient records. The DataStorage class, manages the patient data, including secure storage and retrieval. And finally the DataRetriever allows for secure data access, from the DataStorage. The DataRetriever uses DataStorage to fetch data, ensuring separation of data management and retrieval processes. The DataStorage aggregates PatientData. The design is focused on safe and encrypted storage of the patients data. 
## Patient Identification System UML:
This UML diagram consists of 4 classes. The class PatientData, stores patient specific data. The class PatientRecord, provides a method that allows for accessing patientData using the patients ID. The PatientIdentifier class connects the patient ID to the corresponding patient Data. Finally, the IdentifyManager manages this process and handles data discrepancies. The diagram is designed, to focus on clear responsibilities for the classes and relationships between the classes to identify and manage the patientData effectively. 
# UML Diagrams Week 2 Task 2 Description: 

## AlertLifecycle UML State Diagram:
This UML state diagram consists of five states. The first state is PatientData, which is the initial state before any alert is generated. The next state is the generated state, which is when an alert is generated based on the defined criteria. The next is the state Sent, which is when an alert is sent to the designated medical staff. Following is the state Acknowleged, which is when the medical staff becomes aware of the alert. Finally is Resolved, which is when the alert is fixed/resolved.
## AlertLifecycle UML Sequence Diagram:
This UML sequence diagram consists of five participants. These participants being: Patient Monitor, AlertGenerator, DataStorage, Alert and Medical Staff. These participants have a sequence of interactions. The Patient Monitor detects critical patient data and sends data to AlertGenerator. The AlertGenerator checks DataStorage for historical data and generates alerts. The AlertGenerator sends these alerts to the medical staff. Then the medical staff acknowledge and resolve the alert.   